people leave the Navy for multiple reasons. Hopefully, they're leaving
it because they felt like they accomplish the goals that they said
a task. What we don't want is people to leave dissatisfied and unfulfilled.
And so sometimes I think people leave the Navy because they
really didn't know, um, what they're getting into. They had a maybe
a unrealistic expectation of what it was going to be like, maybe a location
or station that they were going to be at. Maybe the how sexy
the job that they were going to go to was going to be because it was
differently in the movie that they saw. So I think that they have
a sense of un fulfillment, and maybe that's due to also a lack of leadership.
Maybe they got under a bad chain of command which discourage
them and didn't challenge them or didn't feel that they were necessary.
And so I think there's a variety of reasons, but really I think
it comes down to what they thought they were getting into, and it
didn't meet up the expectations